HTML is what's called a declarative language. We need to declare what things are. 
So i need to teel it, hey this is a title, This a Heaer and a Paragragh
i need to tell the computer the meaning of every content i have in my file. 
The Element Strong and Bold are just like Em and i... The visual treatment are exactly the same 
These words for screen readers carries additonal weight.
HTML is not a programming language it's a MARK UP language. That's why its called HYPER TEXT MARK UP Language
 To Our HTML readable using INDENTATION is recommended. 
We could enter another section and as well have another header 1 to 3
That aside the order list doesn't matter in our Recipe but i will like to show them in Bullet list.
We enter a new section UL and Li for List item
Instead of using the Unorderd List we are using the OL just like we did 
The Difference between an Unorderd List and Orderd List is we have bullets  and numbers for the orderd List items 
There's an Element we called the <br> BREAK. Which helps in two sentences to makes it a little readable.
I will add a lttle bit of extra clarity to  this page  which is a COMMENT.
That says this is James Cookie Company best recipe.
I used a less than sign and exclamation mark and two hyphens and then two hypens at the end and the greater than symbol to let the browser know that this is a comment and it should display.
<!--    -->
There's an element we called the ancroyn <a>  which directs us to a link and we are going to use an attribute called href or what stands for HYPERTEXT REF 
Basically tells the browser where we should send someone and i want the person to go to recipe.html
And again we're referring to the index.html page and here referring to it as HOME.
The Website have a valuabe content, But what would bring it to that next level is if we include some imagery.
 There's an element called IMG Which stands for Image that's allows us to insert an image onto the page.
We also need to specify the image src... By using an attribute called SRC and then equal to and open quotes and then here we'll type in the file name. 
Another Benfit of specfying the width and the Height i that the browser knows knows to reserve this space for an image before it's able to completely load. Before it completely loads the image. 
I recommend the image element thta's the alt description
 Anytime you add an image to your page it's going to include these four attributes, Including the source, the width, the height and also the alt text
Table Row .....TH Table Header and TD Table Data...All table Data are stored and we add an attribute
We have the HEAD where we can pass information and also the body content
